Fix grammar error (#32508)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/image/index.md

url(report.pdf)      /* A file pointed to by the url() function must be an image. */
element(#fakeid)     /* An element ID must be an existing ID on the page. */
image(z.jpg#xy=0,0)  /* The spatial fragment must be written in the format of xywh=#,#,#,# */

> image-set('cat.jpg' 1x, 'dog.jpg' 1x) /* every image in an image set must have different resolutions */

Reviewer: Correct English would be as follows:

```suggestion
image-set('cat.jpg' 1x, 'dog.jpg' 1x) /* every image in an image set must have a different resolution */
```
